집
1.	가장 좋아하는 방
가)	[question.] I would like to know where you live. Which is your favorite room at home? What does it look like? What do you mostly do threre?
나)	[answer.] One of my favorite room is my bedroom because I can do so much there. [예시]. I usually watch tv, read books, and I can even eat while I’m getting ready for work in the morning. My favorite thing to do is probably lying on my bed and being lazy because it’s so comportable. Also, I like having some privacy. After a long day work, I often enjoy being alone and my bedroom is definitely the perfect place for that. So that’s why I think my bedroom is the best place in my house.
2.	집에서 하는 일과 청소 방법
가)	[question.] Tell me about how you usually clean your house. How often do you clean? What is your favorite part of cleaning the house?
나)	[answer.] I don’t like to go out that much these days. I’d rather stay at home and do other activities. [사례]. I like to clean up the house when I get some time off. First, I open all the windows. Next, I vacuum and mop the floors. It usually take 20 minutes to do that. After that, I usually clean the bathroom. I spray water on the floor and wash the toilet with a brush. I like to keep my bathroom clean. When it’s done, I also do the laundry from time to time. I usually listen to music while doing the dishes. I’ve been so busy at work these days. So I rarely do the house chores. That’s how it is , these are what I usually do when I am at home.
3.	집에 준 변화
가)	[question.] Tell me about a change you made to your home. What was the change and why did you make that change? How did your home look like afterward? Give me some details.
나)	[answer.] I remember when my parents decided to remodel the kitchen. [계기]. The kitchen was getting old, and my parents wanted to do something about it. [변화전]. It took some time packing up. We ended up finding some old pots and pans that we didn’t know we had. Once the construction started, we had to eat out almost every day. The project took almost 2 weeks to finish, but it was worth the wait. [결과]. Everything in the kitchen was brand new. [결론]. That’s it. Once again, I’m happy my parents decided to redo the kitchen.
4.	어렸을 때 집과 비교
가)	[question.] Tell me about the house or apartment you lived in when you were a child. How was it different from the one you live in now? What are the similarity and differences?
나)	[answer.] I remember when I lived in an apartment complex as I was child. I used to hang out with my neighbors all the time. Because I lived in the rural area, there was a large river and lots of mountains close to my house. [현재]. Even though, I still live in an apartment complex, it’s a bit different from the place I grew up. Both are apartment complexes, but my new one has a great city view. My favorite thing to do is when I have a bottle of beer and enjoy the view of the city. Plus, public transportation is accessible, so it has become a lot better that the past. I can just walk out and take the subway within 5 minutes. [결론]. Overall, I enjoy living in apartment complexes, both in the country and in the city.
영화 
1.	좋아하는 영화 장르
가)	[question.] You indicated that you like to go to the movie. What is your favorite genre? Why do you like that type of movie?
나)	[answer.] There are various type of movies I like to watch. In fact, I don’t have a particular favorite type of movie. I enjoy watching all kind of movis from romantic comedies to action movies. Sometimes, I like to watch romantic comedies because they remind me of someone in the past. However, there are times when I feel like watching action movies. The action movies help me relieve my stress while watching them. For example, a recent action movie I enjoyed was Doctor Stranger. I could concentrate easily on the movie because they have simple storyline. Plus, I sometimes just watch movies which are popular. I just go to movies that are popular at that point of time. [마무리]. Overall, I like to watch everything from romantic comedies to action movies.
2.	자주 가는 영화관
가)	[question.] Tell me about the movie theater you typically go. What is it like? What does it look like? Describe movie theater you often visit in as much as possible.
나)	[answer.] My favorite movie theater that I typically go to is multiplex theater called CGV. Since my workplace is just across the street, it is convenient for me to watch a movie after work. Although there are other movie theater that provide better facilities, I prefer this movie theater because of its location. The overall mood of the theater is always crowded with many people. There are various place to eat and shop such as restaurant , coffee shop and stores. Also, there is the box office and many kiosk where people line up to purphase their tickets. Plus, there are various kinds of theaters such as 3d , 4d, and even imax screens. Moreover, before I watch movies, I normally purchase popcorn and drinks and I look at reviews. So, there are some reason why I like to go to the movie theater.
3.	과거,현재 영화 변화
가)	[question.] Could you compare the movies made today to movies you saw while you were growing up? How movies changed over the years? What are some similarities and differences?
나)	[answer.] Korean movies have changed a lot over the years. The most noticeable changes is the use of computer graphics. In the past, the computer graphic technology was not developed as much as it is today. Therefore, the viewers could easily notice the use of computer graphics, and it was somewhat awkward. However, these days , there have been massive improvements in the movie industry through more sophisticated use of computer graphics. For example, ghosts and other imaginary creatures appear unbelievably real. Plus, another big change is the ticket price. The price of movie tickets has doubled in the last ten years. However, since the quality of the films has increased greatly. I think the price increase is reasonable. In general, I would say that Korean movies are a lot better than in the past.

공원가기
1.	자주가는 공원, 하는 일
가)	[question.] You indicated that you like to go to parks. Tell me about one of the parks that you often visit. What does look like? Tell me what people do there at the part.
나)	[answer.] I often visit a park that is close to my house. It is not that big, but it’s only five minutes from where I live. So, I usually go there to relax and get some fresh air. Since the park is along the HAN River which is the largest river in korea. It is very picturesque. There are also a path that goes around the whole park. And pkaces where people can have picnics. In the center of the park, there is a pond with a small bridge over it. People visit the park with their dogs, family, and friends. I can see many people sitting in the shade, reading their books or taking naps. Moreover, the park is also filled with beautiful cherry blossom trees every April. Well, that’s it. That’s all I remember about the park I go to most often.
2.	공원에 가는 취향 변화
가)	[question.] How did you first start going to parks? What made you visit parks in the first place? Why do you go to parks now? Tell me how your interest in going to parks has changed over the years. Give me all the details.
나)	[answer.] Well, I don’t exactly remember when I first started going to parks. But it remember going to parks a lot when I was child. Back then, I used to go to parks for picnics with my family on the weekend. I also used to hang out with my friends at park. But these days, I go to parks to get some exercise. I go there to run or to take a walk. I also play basketball sometimes. Plus, I can sit on a bench and read books or take a nap. In the spring, I also look at the cherry blossoms and enjoy the breeze at the park. So, I have gone to parks my whole life, but my interest in going to parks has changed a lot over the years.
3.	공원에서 있었던 사건
가)	[question.] Tell me about a memorable incident that happened at the park. What exactly happened and how did you deal with the situation? What made that incident so memorable? Give me all the details.
나)	[answer.] I remember a time when I had a incident whit my dog at the park. I was at the park walking my dog one day. While walking, my phone rang suddenly, and I get distracted. During that moment, the leash suddenly slipped out of my hand. My dog usually gets excited when we go outsize. So when he felt his leash go loose, he started running down the street. I began chasing after him, screaming his name because I was scared that he might get hit by a car. Fortunately, a man standing on the street saw my dog and got his leash in time. This incident was so memorable because I was terrified. Ever since then, I always try to be more careful when I take my dog out.

Beaches
1.	좋아하는 해변
가)	[question.] you indicated that you like to go to the beach. Which beach do you like to go to? Where is it? What does it look like? How often do you go to this beach? How do people get there? Does it get crowded?
나)	[answer.] South Korea is filled with beautiful beaches, and one of the beaches that I often visit is Jumunjin Beach, which is located on the east coast of Korea. My hometown is located near the coast, and there are many beaches nearby. But I visit Jumunjin beach Most often because it is only fifteen minutes form my house. [묘사] It’s a pretty popular beach because you can enjoy the gentle white sand and cool water during the hot summer. Also, there are a lot of places to eat and drink. Restaurants and coffee shops line up along the beach. Many people go there to enjoy their vacation. It gets crowded then the peak season comes. Plus, it gets extremely crowded during July and August, the hot and humid months of the Korea summner. During this time, many Korean families visit a beach or a lake to relax. So Because it it close to home and pretty nice, Jumunjin is one of my favorite beaches that I often visit. Once again, one of my favorite beaches is Jumunjin beach.
2.	해변 가서 하는 일
가)	[question.] When you go to the beach, what do you do usually there? Who do you go with? Tell me everything you can about your activities at the beaches.
나)	[answer.] I normally go to the beach with my friends, my family and even dogs because I am a huge beach-goer. When I get to the beaches, I go to the beach to swim in the ocean and to cool off. Sometimes I get a tan. Also, I like to take a walk or go jogging along the beautiful beach. But in the morning, I love to listen to the sound of calm waves accompanied by the sunrise. Plus, I love breathing the fresh ocean air. After lunch, I cat watch the sunset while sitting on the sand. When it get dark, I drive along the beach for a while and have dinner at one of restaurant nearby. I enjoy eating seafood near the beach and grab a beer. So, those are the things I normally do during i am at the beach.
3.	기억에 남는 해변
가)	[question.] Tell me about a particularly memorable trip to the beach. Who were you with? Which beach were you at? What did you do there? What made this trip to the beach so memorable or special? Tell me everything you did from the moment you arrived there.
나)	[answer.] My most memorable trip to the beach was when my family drove all the way to Busan to visit HAEUNDAE Beach. We took this trip in August for our summer vacation. Even though we knew that there would be a lot of people on the road and at the beach, we decided to go anyway. However, this idea turned out to be a bad idea. We were on the road for about 7 hours, which was nearly twice as much as it usually takes. Because there were so many cars on the highway, we were stuck in our car, boiling in the sunlight. When we had finally arrived, the beach was packed with people enjoying their last minute summer vacation. We spent another hour to look for a space for our tent and to wait for a changing room. It was such a long day for our family, and we were exhausted when we got back to our hotel. I’m not going to take a trip like that again.

술집, 바
1.	술집, 바 묘사
가)	[question.] you indicated that you go to bars. Describe the bar you go to most often. Tell me everything you can about that place.
나)	[answer.] The bar that I go to most often is located near my office. After a long day at work, I enjoy spending time with my friends, talking about things not related to work. The place that we often visit is a western style pub. It is famous for brewing its own beer, and price is also reasonable. It also serves some amazing finger foods that are perfect with beer. Other than the mouthwatering foods, it also has a corner with a dart board, an air hockey table, and a pool table where their customers can enjoy fun games. Since I am regular there, I know the owner pretty well. He always welcomes me and gives me food on the house. So, I have lots of reasons for visiting that bar.
2.	술집/바에 주로 언제 가는지, 
가)	[question.] Tell me about what people normally do at bars. What do you personally do there? Who do you normally go with? Tell me everything about your experience of going to bars.
나)	[answer.] My friend and I usually go to bars for birthday parties and other celebrations. We usually start with a beer and some finger foods on the side. We enjoy playing games and giggling at the things we talk about. I normally go to bars to catch up the latest issues with my friend. We talk about the problems we are facing, or just life in general. Because my friend is such a good listener, I always feel relieved when I am with him. We also dance to the music, and play pool and darts. When we are there together, we sometimes end up drinking all night. Overall, I really enjoy spending time with my friend at the bar.
3.	마지막으로 술집/바에 간 기억
가)	[question.] Tell me about the last time you went to the bar. Why did you go to the bar and who did you go with? Tell me everything you did at the bar.
나)	[answer.] I remember going to a live café with some of my friends last week. This was my first time visiting a live café, so I was curious and excited. Inside the café, I had a bottle of beer and sat on the side. I got a little tipsy from the drink. Some people looked pretty drunk and could not control themselves. However, everyone seemed pretty happy. The place was filled with loud drum beats, and people were singing along with the music. We really enjoyed listening to music and watching the show on the stage. One of my friends ended up getting drunk at the end. So, I had to take care of him and make sure he got home safely. Looking back, I really enjoyed the live show while drinking with my friends. I hope to go again if there’s a chance.

커피숍
1.	대표적인 커피숍
가)	[question.] you indicated that you go to cafes or coffee shops. Describe what cafes in your country look like in general. What is special about those places? Also, describe the café you go to most often.
나)	[answer.] There are many different coffee shop chains in Korea. Whenever I make plans with my friends, we usually meet at one of the coffee shop chains. But it is difficult to find seats, even though there are many different coffee shops available on every street. Many students who visit these coffee shops bring their laptops and books and spend hours studying after ordering one small drink. Sometimes, office workers use coffee shops to have their meetings. Finding seats in these coffee shops is nearly impossible. Because of the people who stick around for a long time, I usually avoid coffee shop chains when I’m alone. I go to small privately owned shops and enjoy the quiet atmosphere where I can have my coffee and relax.
2.	카페에서 있었던 에피소드
가)	[question.] Tell me about a memorable or unforgettable incident that happened at a café. What happened? Who was involved? How did you deal with the situation? Tell me everything that happened from beginning to end.
나)	[answer.] Once I went to the same café that I usually visit in the morning. Even though I always order the same drink every time I visit, I decided to change my selection that day. When I ordered a drink different from what I usually order, the barista asked me why I’d chosen a different drink. I was surprised that she remembered my face and the usual drink that I order. This made me feel like I was a values customer. After that happened, I started going to that coffee shop more often. Although it is not as fancy as other coffee shop chains, I always feel welcome there.
3.	커피숍의 변화
가)	[question.] how have cafes changed over the years? How were they in the past and how are they now? Is there anything special about cafes today? Tell me everything about what cafes are like and in what way they are different from the past.
나)	[answer.] Cafes have changed in many ways over the years. In the past, we used to see a bunch of privately owned coffee shops. However, many privately owned coffee shops have been disappearing due to the increase in large coffee shop chains. Coffee shop chains have become increasingly popular amongst coffee lovers. They employ new marketing strategies consistently, which maintains their existing customers while attracting new customers at the same time. These large coffee shop chains invest their time and money in developing new drinks and products, which was not usually done in the past. This allows the customers to enjoy something more than just coffee. New seasonal drinks and newly designed products like tumblers and cups have also proven to be effective marketing strategies for big coffee shop chains. I guess, cafes have become a lot more professional than in the past.

Music
1.	좋아하는 음악 장르, 좋아하는 가수
가)	[question.] You indicated that you like to listen to music. What type of music do you like listening to? Plus, who is your favorite singer or composer? What is special about his or her music?
나)	[answer.] I personally like listening to all kinds of music, depending on the situation. [종류,이유]. Sometimes, I feel like listening to hip-hop because it helps me unwind. Listening to fast songs helps me get in the zone when I’m jogging or work out. [종류2]. On the other hand, there are times when I feel like listening to slow songs. Slow songs help me relax after a long day at work. I especially like love songs because they remind me of my first love. [좋아하는 가수]. One of my favorite musicians is a Korean singer called Ailee. She is one of the most famous musicians in Korea. She is not only a great singer but also a great dancer. I like her so much because she is a really amazing performer. I hope more people discover her music.

4.	음악을 언제 어디서 듣는지
가)	[question.] When and where do you like to listen to music? Why do you listen to music?
나)	[answer.] I used to listen to music on my mp3 player a few years ago. But now, things are changed a lot. [기기]. Because I always have my smart phone on me all the time, I listen to music with my smart phone. I don’t have any particular place where I listen to music. I listen to music wherever I want and whenever I am. [장소]. However, there are some places where I usually listen to music. I listen to music at coffee shops because I have to concentrate on something. [장소2]. I also listen to music on the move. It usually 20 minutes to get to company, so I usually put on some music on the bus. [마무리]. Overall, I listen to music wherever I am whenever I want because I always have my smart phone on me.
5.	라이브 음악을 들었던 콘서트
가)	[question.] Tell me about a time when you went to listen to some live music. Perhaps it was at a concert or a live café. What was the mood like and how did you like the music you listened to there?
나)	[answer.] A couple of yours ago, I remember going to a concert at the Olympic stadium. I went there with one of my friends. [가기 전]. Since this was my first time going to a concert, I was very curious and excited. It was very special because the singer is my favorite artist of all time and I had never seen his performance in person. [가서 느낌]. The concert began with a singer’s powerful dance. I moved to the music while dancing. All the performers on the stage that day were very impressive. [간 후]. That’s about it. Once again, I still think it was definitely the best concert I have ever been to.
6.	좋아하는 가수
가)	[question.] Now, pick two singers you like. What is special about their music? What are some similarities and differences between the two singers?
나)	[answer.] One of my favorite musicians is a Korean singer called Ailee. She is one of the most famous musicians in Korea. She is not only a great singer but also a great dancer. I like her so much because she is a really amazing performer. I hope more people discover her music.
휴가
1.	휴가를 보내는 경향
가)	[question.] You indicated that you take vacations at home. Who do you meet when you spend vacations at home? What do you do with them? Plus, who do you want to meet in the future for your vacation? Why is that?
나)	[answer.] Nothing beats staying at home during vacations, especially after busy days with heavy workload. So, I personally prefer to stay at home and spend time with the people I love. [보내는사람,하는일]. I enjoy spending time with my friends when I get some day off. When I meet up with my friends, we usually go to one of our hangouts and have lunch or dinner together or grab a bear. We talk about what we have been doing. We also talk about special event that have happened and life in general. [보내는사람,하는일2]. I also like eating out with my family members and talking about things that are going on in my life. They are always on my side, so I enjoy talking to them. [마무리]. Well, that’s about it, I usually have a great time with my friends and family during my vacation.
2.	지난 휴가
가)	[question.] Tell me about what you did during last vacation. How did your vacation start and how it end? What did you do on each day? Tell me everything about the things you did on your last vacation at home.
나)	[answer.] I remember spending a vacation at home a few months ago. I was very tired from work, so I decided to stay at home and recharge my battery. [경험한 것]. The next day, I met up with my friends that I don’t get to see that much. We went to one of our hangouts and grabbed a beer. We also went to karaoke room to sing our favorite songs. I was a bit tipsy but it’s always fun to spend time with people who I love. We also talked about special events that have happened and life in general. [결론]. Well, that’s it. That’s all I can think of at the moment. That is what I did last vacation.
3.	기억에 남는 휴가
가)	[question.] Now, tell me about an unusual or unexpected experience you had during a vacation you spent at home. Why was it memorable? Who were you with? Where were you at?  What did you do? What are some things and events that you remember?
나)	[answer.] I remember when I had food poisoning at home a few years ago. [사건]. There was something wrong with the food I had that day. I think it was some improperly cooked meat that I had in the morning. I felt nauseous. I had stomach pains, vomiting, and even a high fever. [결과]. So, I had to go to see a doctor immediately. I had to take some medicine and not eat for a day. The worst things was that I was supposed to meet up with my old friend from school. However, I had to cancel our plans and stay at home. I felt very bad because I knew that I wouldn’t be able to see him for a couple of years. Fortunately, I was able to see him later. [결론]. However, I still regret the fact that I couldn’t see my friend that day. That’s it. It was the worst vacation I have ever had.
Restaurants
1.	우리나라 음식점
가)	[question.] I would like to know about restaurants in your country. What do typical restaurants look like? What kind of food do they commonly serve? How are the people who work there? Give me all the details about a typical restaurant in your country
나)	[answer.] There are many different restaurants serving diverse dishes in Korea. However , traditional Koreans restaurants are different from the others. First, in Korea restaurants, it is customary to eat sitting on the floor. Although new and recently opened restaurants have tables and chairs, usually floor seating areas are available as well. People sit on the floor and eat at a low table. Another difference is that the main dish is served along with small portions of side dishes and rice in Korean restaurants. Also, Kimchi is served at every Korean restaurant. Well, That’s all I can think of at the moment.
2.	최근 외식 경험
가)	[question.] Tell me about a restaurant you ate out at recently. What kind of restaurant was it? What was on their menu and what did you eat? Who did you go with? Did you like how the food tasted? Give me all the details.
나)	[answer.] The last time I had pizza was at a pizza place in Itaewon with my friends. It took about 30 minutes to get there from where I live. We ordered one potato pizza , a seafood pasta, and chicken tender salad. Overall, the food was great, probably because we were all very hungry. However, there were a few things that we didn’t like. The restaurant was quite small and they didn’t have many tables. We had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated and then another 30 minutes for our food to be served. That’s it, overall, I had a great time at the restaurant with my friends.

3.	과거, 현재음식점 변화
가)	[question.] Now, tell me about a restaurant you used to go to as a child. What was it like? What did you eat? Who did you go with? What do you remember most about that place? Tell me about that restaurant in as much detail as possible.
나)	[answer.] There was a Korean barbeque restaurant that my family used to go to. That place served an amazing marinated barbeque that all of us love. We ate at the restaurant as least once a month always left with complete satisfaction. When I was a child, the owner also gave us some free ice cream and candy. He also allowed me and my cousins to play at the small playground next to the parking lot. The owner lives on the second floor, and he made the playground for his kids. I still go to other Korean barbeque restaurants from time to time, but the food at that place was the best. Once again, that restaurant was definitely the best restaurant I’ve ever been to.


Internet
1.	일상에서 사용하는 기술
가)	[question.] Tell me about the technology you use in your daily life. How often do you use technology? How does technology help you? Tell me about everything about the things you do with technology
나)	[answer.] I use technology all the time. When I wake up, first thing I do is check my smart phone. I also use my smart phone to take note at work. The main way I communicate with my friends is through technology. Throughout the day, I send and receive messages on my phone all the time. There are a lot of applications you can download for free. So you can send unlimited text messages and pictures whenever you want. Moden technology allows me to look up information online. Without this technology, my projects would take much longer to complete. These take much less time and effort. I’m glad I don’t have to go to the library and spend whole day any more. I am sure how anyone survive without technology. It has become a lot better than in the past. So that’s why I pretty much use technology all the time.
2.	인터넷에서 하는 활동
가)	[question.] What kind of things do you do in the internet? Do you find out about new things or do you shop for stuff online? Tell me about most typical things that you do on the internet.
나)	[answer.] I spend most of the day on the internet. I send messages to my friends and family. I browse social media site, and I research a product that I want to buy. Because I have my smart phone on me all the time, I am able to do these things even on the move. The website I personally use let me keep in touch with my friends, watch funny clips, and find out about new products. In my case, whenever I go somewhere, I always take pictures and post them on my FB. I can even take selfies and post them up on the spot. My friends always leave short comments right away. People these day do everything online and I’m not different. Well that’s it. As I mentioned earlier, I am not sure how anyone can survive without the internet.
3.	처음으로 인터넷 이용 계기
가)	[question.] We all have things that we remember on the internet. Talk about the memorable things that you have seen on the internet. Why were they memorable?
나)	[answer.] I have been so busy these day, I had no time to go shopping. So, I decided to shop online. 
I remember when I shopped online a month ago. I was traveling to Japan for business trip. I wanted to buy something for the trip. I bought a pair of jeans, and a blue t-shirts, and even a hat. Everything I got was a little different what I expected. I was very disappointed. There was nothing I could do. Called customer service, the line was busy the whole time. 
Since then, I try to be more careful when I buy something online, it was definitely one of the most memorable incidents I have ever had on the internet.
Family and friends
1.	가족/친구 집에 방문 경험
가)	[question.] Talk about a time when you visited a friend or a family member. What did you do when you visited them. What was memorable about that visit? Tell me everything from begin to end
나)	[answer.] Well, I remember when I visit my uncle who live in seoul. I took a bullet train called the KTX, and it took me about two and a half hours. It was quite tiring, but everything changed as soon as I saw my uncle. [방문경험] After we dropped my bag, we took the subway to the main street of seoul. The food was great probably because we all were very hungry. After the food, we went to the Haewondae beach. We set off some firecrackers and had a great time together. We also walked along the beach and took some pictures. Overall, I had a really great time in Busan, and it was the best trip I have ever been to.
2.	가족/친구 두명 비교
가)	[question.] Pick two of your family members or friends and tell me about their similarities and differences. Get me the details.
나)	[answer.] My friends and I share many interests and we have a lot in common, yet we are different in may ways. [유사점,차이점] for example, we both love going to the movies, but we have totally opposite tastes. My friend enjoys romantic comedies while I only watch action-thrillers. The most awkward situation is when we eat out. My friend and I often argue about where to to, my friend is a seafood person, but I am not. So it takes a long time to choose a memy. We end up going to the buffet. [결론]. So overall, my friend and I have some similarities but many differences
3.	가족/친구와 이야기하는 이슈
가)	[question.] Now, tell me about what you usually talk about with your family members or friends commonly. What was a most recent thing that you talk about? Give me detail.
나)	[answer.] Well, I normally talk to my friend about various issues. [종류 나열]. We normally talk about what we have been doing, we also talk about special events that have happened and life in general. We talk about carrer, relationship, and even personal issues. We are both interested in getting a job these days, so whenever we meet up, we talk about that. [결론]. I guess having a conversation with friends helps me to get rid of the stress of my daily life.

Recycle
1.	우리나라의 재활용
가)	[question.] I’d like to know about how recycling is practiced in your country. What do people specifically do? What is special about recycling where you are? Give me details.
나)	[answer.] Recycling is mandatory in Korea. There is a designated bag that you have to use. You can buy them at any convenience stores or supermarkets. Normally, people put the food waste and general waste there. Plus, there are recyclables such as paper, cans and even plastics. People normally take out the garbage at least once a week and then the city collects them every single week. That’s how it is. Once again, recycling is mandatory in korea and well-practiced. It has become a habit that everyone is doing.
2.	개인적으로 재활용하는 방법
가)	[question.] Now, tell me about how you personally recycle. Do you separate the recycling every day? Where do you take the recycling? Tell me everything about the ways you practice recycling in your daily life.
나)	[answer.] I always try to do my best to recycle. I keep separate trash cans for waste, general waste, and recyclable items. There is a designated area for garbage disposal beside my apartment. I usually collect the waste until the garbage bag is nearly full, and then I take it out in the morning when I am leaving for work. Although I was difficult at first, now it has become a habit, so it’s not difficult at all. Overall I feel great that I am doing something for the community.
3.	어렸을 때 했던 재활용과 지금의 재활용 비교
가)	[question.] How is recycling today different from when you were young? Are there any big differences? Are there any similarities? Tell me about how recycling has changed over the years.
나)	[answer.] When I was child and live with my parents, I never had to recycle. Sometimes, my mom told me to take out the garbage, but it was usually non-recyclable waste. I was not aware of recyclable waste. The first time that I had to recycle was when I moved out of their house. One time, I took out the garbage with all the recyclables and trash mixed in one garbage bag, and my neighbor taught me how to recycle correctly. It was an embarrassing moment, but I learned how to recycle after that incident. Now, recycling has become a habit that I always think about. I am glad to help community.

Bank
1.	은행 묘사
가)	[question.] Let’s talk about the bank you go to. Where it located and what is it like? What do you do from the moment you walk into the bank till you walk out? How are the people who work at the bank? Tell me everything that goes on when you visit the bank.
나)	[answer.] Banks are located everywhere in my neighborhood. I usually go to one that is close to my house. It is only a few minutes from where I live, so I usually go there when I need something. [가는 이유] I normally go to the bank when I need to withdraw, deposit, or pay my bills. There are always full of people, so it takes me a long time to take care of my business. However, there are a couple of tellers who always greet me with a smile, so I always feel welcome. That’s it, overall, I usually go to the bank that is close to my house
2.	은행에서 발생했던 문제
가)	[question.] Problems can occur when you are at the bank. Perhaps you could have forgotten to bring your ID. Talk about a problem you are have personally had at a bank. What happened and how did you solve the problems?
나)	[answer.] I don’t remember a particular experience at a bank. The only thing I remember is when I met a drunken guy at a bank. I once went to the bank close to my office during my lunch hour. There were full of people. One guy came into the bank and started to talk to himself very loudly. It was easy to tell that he seemed pretty drunk. A guard tried to talk to him and make him leave the building. However, he kept talking loudly and started to talk to the customers who were waiting for their numbers to be called. I was watching him for a little bit, but I didn’t think he would leave any time soon. [사건후] Eventually, a couple of customers left including myself. I don’t know how he started to get so drunk during daytime. However, people should be polite in public. [마무리]. Well, that’s it. This is the only thing I can think of at the moment.
3.	은행의 변화
가)	[question.] Banks have changed over the years. How do banks look different than they did in the past? What kind of changes are the most evident? What kind of impact have those changes had on the customers? Give me all the detail.
나)	[answer.] The banking system has changed a lot in the last few decades, [과거]. I used to got to a bank when I need something. However, things have changed a lot. [현재]. As I can get access to the internet with my smart phone whenever I want to, I don’t need to go to a bank as much as I did in the past. I can check my balance, transfer, and even pay my bills on line. In general, most people take care of their business on the internet these days. The only time I go to the bank is when I withdraw money from the ATM machine. [마무리]. Once again, bank system has changed a lot in the last few years, so people usually take care of business on the internet.
Fashion
1.	우리나라 사람들의 패션
가)	[question.] I would like to know how people dress in your country. What kind of  clothes do they war? What is special about the fashion styles in your country?
나)	[answer.] To be honest, it is very hard to describe how people dress in my country because Korean people are very fashion conscious. Plus, there are plenty of fashion brands that people like to wear. [상황 별 패션]. People normally wear different types of cloths depending on the situation. During the weekdays, most people wear business attire because of the dress code they have. [이유]. Normally most companies have their own dress code, so it is proper to wear professionally. However, when people don’t go to work, on the weekend or when they have some days off, most people wear casual clothes. People love to wear jeans with comfortable shoes. [마무리] that’s it. So the thing is, the clothing depends on the situation we’re in.
2.	과거와 현재 패션 비교
가)	[question.] How have fashion trends in your country changed over the years? Do you think people in your country follow the latest fashions? If so, tell me why.
나)	[answer.] Fashion trends have changed a lot over the years. [과거패션]. In the past, I don’t think people cared much about what they wore. They just wore whatever depending on the situation. When I was child, I remember that people with the same age normally wore similar types of clothes. For example, many teenagers used to wear baggy clothes for styles such as hip-hop musicians. [요즘]. However, these days, people prefer to wear different types of fashion style even if they are in the same generation. Since we have the internet, most people started to be influenced by the media and what they see on tv or movies. People are interested in what celebrities wear, so many brands try to use celebrity endorsement to advertise their items. For example, I like to wear skinny jeans with a tight t-shirts while my friends love to wear oversized jumper with baggy jeans. Everyone has their own unique fashion style that they want to wear. [결론]. So overall, the ideas about how to dress have changed a lot over the years.
Role Play
1.	영화 공연 문의하기
가)	[question.] I’d like to give you a situation and task to act it out. You want to buy ticket for a concert tonight. Call the theater and ask two or three questions about ways to get tickets
나)	[answer.] Hello, there, I’m calling to ask you some questions about concert tonight. I’d like to watch a concert with my friend. [질문]. What kind of concert do you have? I personally prefer classical concerts. Are there any classical concerts happening tonight? If not, a pop concert would be ok as well. So, how much does a ticket cost? Also, I wonder if you have any promotions going on. I don’t have enough money, but I really want to watch the concert tonight. I hope it’s not too expensive. One more question, I have discount coupon and I was wondering if you access them. By the way, what time does the concert start and how long does it take? Actually, I have to come back home by 11 pm. Will it finish then? Please let me know as soon as possible. Alright, thank you for your help.
2.	제품 문의하기
가)	[question.] I’d like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You would like to buy an smart phone. Call your friend and ask about smart phone he uses. Ask three or four questions that will help you decide whether you want to buy the product your friend is using.
나)	[answer.] Hello, john, this is james. How are you? I’m calling to ask you some question about the smart phone that you have. I would like to buy a new smart phone. Since I don’t know about the latest version. Can you give me some information? I heard you are pretty good with electrical device, so I wonder if you have any recommendations. [질문]. What kind of smart phone do you use? I need something that has a lot of storage because I have a bundle of movie files. Also, what does your smart phone look like? Also, how much does it cost? I hope it’s not too expensive. And, where is the store located? If you have time, is it possible to go with me? Thanks john, see you later.
3.	콘서트 아파서 못가는 경우
가)	[question.] I’m, sorry, but there is a problem I need you to resolve. You bought the concert tickets for today but at the last minute you are so sick that you can’t even get out of bed. Call your friend, explain your situation and give two or three alternatives to your friend.
나)	[answer.] Hello, john, this is james. [목적]. I’m calling to tell you about the concert. I am so sorry but I have some had news. [설명]. I’ve got a problem. The problem is I don’t think I can make it to the concert tonight. Something has come up. The thing is I got really sick since last night and I can’t even get out of bed. So, I think that I need to go see a doctor and then rest at home. I am so sorry. [대안 제시]. So, I have some suggestions for you. First, we cant meet the day after tomorrow? I think I would feel better resting for a day. If it’s not possible, how about having dinner this weekend? It is on me. If so, I would like to set up the schedule. What kind of food do you like? Or, do you have any idea? Again, I am so sorry for what happened. 
4.	친구 mp3 고장
가)	I’m sorry , but there is a problem I need to resolve. You have borrowed your friend’s mp3 player but broke it by accident. Call your friend, explain your situation and give two or three alternatives that will help solve the situation.
나)	[answer.] Hello, john. This is james. I am calling to tell you I have some bad news. [설명하기]. I have got a problem. There is something wrong with your mp3 player. Do you remember the mp3 player I borrowed from you a few weeks ago? I left that on my bed and went to work in the morning. However, I just came back home and I realized my dog stepped on your mp3 palyer. Now, it is completely broken. I know how much you liked it. [대안 제시]. Well, I have some suggestion for you. Since I broke yours, I will buy you the latest model that has a Bluetooth function. I know you wanted it. Also, I can even send you the songs you had on your last mp3 player. Well, I hope you are not so mad. I will make it up you soon. Once again, I am so sorry for what have happened
